README.md, before:

# OCaml: Learn & Code

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/GroupeMINASTE/OCaml)](LICENSE)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/GroupeMINASTE/OCaml)]()
[![Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/GroupeMINASTE/OCaml)]()
[![Code Size](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/GroupeMINASTE/OCaml)]()
[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/groupeminaste/ocaml/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/groupeminaste/ocaml)
[![Open Source Helpers](https://www.codetriage.com/groupeminaste/ocaml/badges/users.svg)](https://www.codetriage.com/groupeminaste/ocaml)
[![Translation status](http://weblate.groupe-minaste.org/widgets/ocaml/-/svg-badge.svg)](http://weblate.groupe-minaste.org/engage/ocaml/?utm_source=widget)

The all-in-one OCaml bundle for iOS, iPadOS and macOS! Learn the language and practice with a powerful editor and interactive top level available in the app, working offline.

[Download from the App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/ocaml-learn-code/id1547506826)

## Contribute to the app

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn more about how to contribute to OCaml: Learn & Code.

Commit message:

README: added Play Store link

README.md, after:

# OCaml: Learn & Code

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/GroupeMINASTE/OCaml)](LICENSE)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/GroupeMINASTE/OCaml)]()
[![Pull Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/GroupeMINASTE/OCaml)]()
[![Code Size](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/GroupeMINASTE/OCaml)]()
[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/groupeminaste/ocaml/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/groupeminaste/ocaml)
[![Open Source Helpers](https://www.codetriage.com/groupeminaste/ocaml/badges/users.svg)](https://www.codetriage.com/groupeminaste/ocaml)
[![Translation status](http://weblate.groupe-minaste.org/widgets/ocaml/-/svg-badge.svg)](http://weblate.groupe-minaste.org/engage/ocaml/?utm_source=widget)

The all-in-one OCaml bundle for iOS, iPadOS and macOS! Learn the language and practice with a powerful editor and interactive top level available in the app, working offline.

- [Download iOS version from the App Store](https://apps.apple.com/app/ocaml-learn-code/id1547506826)
- [(beta) Download Android version from Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.nathanfallet.ocaml&hl=en_US&gl=US)

## Contribute to the app

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn more about how to contribute to OCaml: Learn & Code.
